what's about a time for the best pilots
in the US Air Force trained to fly into
space that's where we're going and they
flew at the speed of sound very top of
the sky they were destined to be the
first ladies and gentlemen I would like
you to meet the first American to cross
into outer space but our country had
other plans
good morning ladies and gentlemen 11
days ago atmospheric tracking determined
that Russian satellite Ikon will reenter
the Earth's atmosphere in 30 days now
the guidance system on this thing is a
dinosaur the only men for the job is
there anyone still alive who can fix
this thing are the boys
I can't fill up a space shuttle with
geriatrics clock's ticking huh and I'm
only getting older NASA wants to send us
into space I told him I only do it if
the original team did the job I'm gonna
need to pray about this why the hell not
you and your entire crew will have to
meet the exact physical requirements as
any other astronaut here go these men
are the pioneers of this business on
down Keith look for him damn Jerry they
were around when Rockets were born stick
to their protocol really hard my pill
socket - I have never met a kid who
didn't dream of in an astronaut when you
grew up
you ever made a kid that wouldn't grow
up
thank you God welcome to space Frank
you get a load of this general just what
sort of modifications if your people
made here
I'm not getting this crew killed do you
include it you wish you're never gonna
make it back to the ship yeah I thought
this couldn't be hard